I just wanted to relate one story in
particular to all of you and what we
have to understand is that the behavior
and things people are saying you have to
believe that they really believe it as
crazy as it sounds as unfamiliar as it
sounds you've got to believe that what
is lost in these people who are living
and failing and I'm talking about the
people who are failing is the most
simple most natural part of parenting
and it isn't there and that is when you
see a successful person and that
definition knows is the same as it would
be for what is darkness the absence of
light is just simple what is success the
absence of failure what's missing think
about it and what's missing is from
those who are successful their parents
say the same thing as if they've been in
a meeting from the time that your mother
finds out she's pregnant the two are
already planning your life that you will
go farther than they've ever been and
they're going to make sure of that
aren't they cuz they're going to stay on
your case the sum of your parents going
to be the worst nightmare you will try
and dial 911 on and those people who are
failing that mantra was never there and
I remember 20 years or whatever ago
Reverend Jackson saying just coming up
to me and looking at me and saying
babies having babies and that was it who
could predict babies having babies would
come to the fact that people don't know
how to parent they didn't have the child
with the intent of sending somebody
higher and that's where they are check
it out in Pennsylvania we have a what we
don't have but the governor the white
man signed a bill so that these
incarcerated youth not yet 18 when they
serve their time of 18 months they come
out it's called ready round and ten days
after when these boys out of jail ten
days from their home they come to
William Penn High School and there are
these leaders who are men and women
black and they talk to 47 boys it was
three girls at the time I talked to them
preparing them fingers crossed at the
end of ten days they enter their high
school and work towards an education and
eventually credentials you got me this
is set up so these boys will find a way
and have goals it's it's
it's simple so I was I said put him in
the circle 247 love them all black and
three black girls nobody's over 18 and
I'm talking I'm given to this is one of
my best talks about goals and you got it
and I look at this boy got his hand on
his face and his skin is all upward you
know his head is gone like that so I
walk over to him I took his hand and I
said sorry and he opened his eyes and he
looked at me I said what's happening he
said about what I said son you're
sleeping and what what did you do last
night why why are you still sleeping and
wanting to sleep he sure I was you got
to do what you got to do I said yet okay
I said now what did you have to do he
said he said I was up other with my girl
s boys 15 years old sin philadelphia's
15 years old I said you were with you up
with you girl I'm repeating all this so
the people in circle can hear it he said
yeah I said how late were you were you
up he says four o'clock four o'clock in
the morning I said you up when you go
out to four o'clock in the morning and
he didn't smile anything you see ya you
gotta you gotta do what you got to do
you got it you got to take it when you
get it when you when you get it when
it's there you have to take it I said so
four o'clock in the morning you you're
up doing what you had to do